README.md, before:

# W3RL Web Page

## TODOs (desc. relevance)

 - Fix stlye in more browsers
 - Select final background colors for sections
 - Replace favicon
 - Change baseurl
 - Configure domain

## Tech stack
The page is built with [Hugo](https://github.com/gohugoio/hugo), a Go based fast and modern static site generator. Currently the [Elate template](https://github.com/saey55/hugo-elate-theme/) is being used to style the aestethics and content of the website. The deployment to S3 is based on the [hugo-s3-action](https://github.com/plopcas/hugo-s3-action).

## Authoring

### Local Hugo Setup
To preview larger changes please install [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/installation/) and a Git client like [Sourcetree](https://www.sourcetreeapp.com/) or [Github Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/) if you're new to Git(hub). After pulling the WWW3RL repository, you can then start `hugo server` in a terminal to [develop and test the site](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/usage/#develop-and-test-your-site). A local version should be available at `localhost:1313`.

### Pictures
For now all pictures need to be placed in the [static/images folder](./static/images/) to be accessible when adding content.

### Text
All text content is simply added to the [config.toml](./config.toml) in the root of the project. To add an item simply copy an existing item and change it to fit your needs.

### Papers
Add the PDF to the [static/documents folder](./static/documents/) and then create a new entry in the slider.

### Slider/Carousel
The rotating papers are defined in [carousel.yaml](./data/carousel.yaml) in the `/data` folder. There's three parts to add for each entry:

 - `image` is the relative path to the image file, beginning with `/images/`
 - `content_html` is treated as a plain text label
 - `href` is the link that clicking on the text label opens, which should be the relative path to the PDF file, beginning with `./documents/`

### TUM Style
To fit in with the visuals used by TUM we created a [TUM.css](./themes/hugo-elate-theme/static/css/tum.css) that holds the design. Please use the predefined colors:

 - TUMlochmara
 - TUMroyalblue
 - TUMnightrider
 - TUMwhite

There are also two colors defined for the backgrounds of the Education and Stats section. Please change them at the top if necessary.

### Content Ordering
The [index.hmtl](./themes/hugo-elate-theme/layouts/index.html) determines the form of the page, here you can reorder the individual parts.

## Deployment
The main branch is automatically made available online via Github Actions and AWS. To make larger changes [please create a new branch in this Github repository](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-and-deleting-branches-within-your-repository) and [review your changes before merging them](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request).

Commit message:

Update documentation for partners slider

README.md, after:

# W3RL Web Page

## TODOs (desc. relevance)

 - Fix stlye in more browsers
 - Select final background colors for sections
 - Replace favicon
 - Change baseurl
 - Configure domain

## Tech stack
The page is built with [Hugo](https://github.com/gohugoio/hugo), a Go based fast and modern static site generator. Currently the [Elate template](https://github.com/saey55/hugo-elate-theme/) is being used to style the aestethics and content of the website. The deployment to S3 is based on the [hugo-s3-action](https://github.com/plopcas/hugo-s3-action).

## Authoring

### Local Hugo Setup
To preview larger changes please install [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/installation/) and a Git client like [Sourcetree](https://www.sourcetreeapp.com/) or [Github Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/) if you're new to Git(hub). After pulling the WWW3RL repository, you can then start `hugo server` in a terminal to [develop and test the site](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/usage/#develop-and-test-your-site). A local version should be available at `localhost:1313`.

### Pictures
For now all pictures need to be placed in the [static/images folder](./static/images/) to be accessible when adding content.

### Text
All text content is simply added to the [config.toml](./config.toml) in the root of the project. To add an item simply copy an existing item and change it to fit your needs.

### Papers
Add the PDF to the [static/documents folder](./static/documents/) and then create a new entry in the papers slider.

### Papers Slider
The rotating papers are defined in [carousel.yaml](./data/carousel.yaml) in the `/data` folder. There's three parts to add for each entry:

 - `image` is the relative path to the image file, beginning with `/images/`
 - `content_html` is treated as a plain text label
 - `href` is the link that clicking on the text label opens, which should be the relative path to the PDF file, beginning with `./documents/`

### Partners Slider
The rotating papers are defined in [partners.yaml](./data/partners.yaml) in the `/data` folder. There's three parts to add for each entry:

 - `image` is the relative path to the logo file, beginning with `/images/`
 - `content_html` is treated as alt text and should be the full name

### TUM Style
To fit in with the visuals used by TUM we created a [TUM.css](./themes/hugo-elate-theme/static/css/tum.css) that holds the design. Please use the predefined colors:

 - TUMlochmara
 - TUMroyalblue
 - TUMnightrider
 - TUMwhite

There are also two colors defined for the backgrounds of the Education and Stats section. Please change them at the top if necessary.

### Content Ordering
The [index.hmtl](./themes/hugo-elate-theme/layouts/index.html) determines the form of the page, here you can reorder the individual parts.

## Deployment
The main branch is automatically made available online via Github Actions and AWS. To make larger changes [please create a new branch in this Github repository](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-and-deleting-branches-within-your-repository) and [review your changes before merging them](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request).
